1.Evidence 1 is meant to shw the futility of trying to use ctrl + c and ctrl + d on the background running processes. As can be seen there are many lines with ^c and nothing more to show that there was a command for it to stop but did not happen. The ctrl^d is represented by the line "There are stopped jobs". Again the process did not stop and washed away this command. Evidence 2 shows a small process that prints "Hell World " 10 times and stops. This was a tricky command to write in as the command kept getting chopped up by the utpus leaving the user unsure as to whether the command has been typed in correctly or not. Once it did however there was a straight line of output from helloworld and then a series of numbers.

2.LinuxThread1.png shows the commands that were used. It should be noted that the long process that is being examined is shown in LinuxThread2.png. The first step was to find the process ID. To do this ps -A mPl | grep sum was used to find all the processes being run related to run. LinuxThread1.png shows that two processes appeared. One was actually still running actively wheras the other was ctrl + z in order send to the background. The next step was to see the actual thread number and in this case the comands shown in LinuxThread2.png were used. The command ps -o nlwp was used. nlwp stands for number of lightweigth processes and in this case is simply a thread count. The numbers that are output are evidence that there are that many threads being used for that process.

The OSXThread1.png image shows this same process on a Mac. The java version was run this time and then ctrl+z was implemented to stop the process. ps -a was used to find the process ID and then this was found on the activity monitor. If one is looking at the object with the CPU tab selected the number of threads will be there. It should be noted that there is a second java process running as well. This was caused due to the fact that the second process was originaly ctrl+z'd and never brought back to the foreground. Hence the two processes being listed.
